1 - (5star) - For decades I have been trying to come up with an ideal way to slice a banana. "Use a knife!" they say. Well...my parole officer won't allow me to be around knives. "Shoot it with a gun!" Background check...HELLO! I had to resort to carefully attempt to slice those bananas with my bare hands. 99.9% of the time, I would get so frustrated that I just ended up squishing the fruit in my hands and throwing it against the wall in anger. Then, after a fit of banana-induced rage, my parole officer introduced me to this kitchen marvel and my life was changed. No longer consumed by seething anger and animosity towards thick-skinned yellow fruit, I was able to concentrate on my love of theatre and am writing a musical play about two lovers from rival gangs that just try to make it in the world. I think I'll call it South Side Story. Banana slicer...thanks to you, I see greatness on the horizon.

2 - (5star) -  What can I say about the 571B Banana Slicer that hasn't already been said about the wheel, penicillin, or the iPhone.... this is one of the greatest inventions of all time. My husband and I would argue constantly over who had to cut the day's banana slices. It's one of those chores NO ONE wants to do! You know, the old "I spent the entire day rearing OUR children, maybe YOU can pitch in a little and cut these bananas?" and of course, "You think I have the energy to slave over your damn bananas? I worked a 12 hour shift just to come home to THIS?!" These are the things that can destroy an entire relationship. It got to the point where our children could sense the tension. The minute I heard our 6-year-old girl in her bedroom, re-enacting our daily banana fight with her Barbie dolls, I knew we had to make a change. That's when I found the 571B Banana Slicer. Our marriage has never been healthier, AND we've even incorporated it into our lovemaking. THANKS 571B BANANA SLICER!

3 - (2star) - I tried the banana slicer and found it unacceptable. As shown in the picture, the slicer is curved from left to right. All of my bananas are bent the other way.

4 - (5star) - Once I figured out I had to peel the banana before using - it works much better. Ordering one for my nephew who's in the air force in California. He's been using an old slinky to slice his banana's. He should really enjoy this product!

5 - (5star) - If God does not exist, then how is it that a banana fits so perfectly in this banana slicer? CHECKMATE, ATHEISTS!

6 - (3star) - I would rate this product as just okay. It's kind of cheaply made. But it works better than the hammer I've been using to slice my bananas.

7 - (5star) - I love this it cut my banana

8 - (5star) - I made my bro happy for his birthday. he was a big fan of the reviews.

9 - (5star) - It's a good thing I am adept at using my wits and resources to improvise gear hacks in order to accomplish my fruit presentation goals. You see, the Hutzler 571 showed up at my doorstep as a stand-alone unit. That's right – there was no mounting assembly, no adjustable swing-arm mechanism with a safety lock, no spring-loaded swivel hinge, no boom arm, no boom arm locking plate and no baseboard. Alas, I improvised and found a way to make it work.

10 - (1star) - waste of money use a knife

11 - (2star) - Don't waste you money. Pretty dumb product. Have no idea why my wife thought we needed this.

12 - (1star) - Slices are to wide for my liking.

13 - (4star) - Ordered this as a gag gift for a friend after she saw the reviews on amazon. Was a good cheap laugh. She says the item actually works pretty well too.

14 - (5star) - These really work, i have had one for years, sturdy, This one is a gift, Nice to slice for a dehydrator, too, Good size.

15 - (2star) - It's hard to tell from the photo, but the slices that this thing cuts are like half an inch thick. Who wants huge cubes of banana in their cereal?

16 - (5star) - Awesome, it comes in handy.

17 - (1star) - Don't loose your money. Cheaper than cheap product. Not even fun!

18 - (5star) - Bought as a gag gift, but loved by the recipient!

19 - (5star) - Love it!

20 - (3star) - Good price. Sits in my junk drawer now. Cool idea while it lasted.

21 - (5star) - Kids love cutting their banana

22 - (3star) - Bigger than expected

23 - (5star) - Worked awesome!

24 - (5star) - The real reason I bought this slicer is because my friend showed me the funny reviews. I laughed so hard I had to buy the slicer as a gag gift for her. But before I gave it to her, I tried it for myself. I only had a overly ripe banana so I thought it would make a mess. I placed the banana on a cutting board, aligned the slicer according the direction of the banana and pressed down. The result: beautifully cut bananas. Clean up was easy. I rinsed the slicer under warm water and used a brush. Not too difficult. I gave her the slicer and the expression on her face was priceless. We laughed so hard it was worth the purchase. Not sure how much use she will get out of it.

25 - (5star) - Perfect! I have two kids and they love helping me in the kitchen. In the mornings, we like to make smoothies and for snacks they like banana slices with some peanut butter. This is so easy to use, no sharp edges - made well enough for the kids to use themselves.

26 - (4star) - Did not meet my needs. Slices were too thick.

27 - (4star) - Unless your bananas are really big, this slicer is not as helpful as I had hoped. But the price was right.

28 - (5star) - Provided it's not old and hardened, this little gadget will slice up a fresh dog turd beautifully. Works equally well for both small and large breeds. Our entire family loves it and we even managed to get the kids to put down their iPhones and join us in the yard!
