24 - (5star) - The real reason I bought this slicer is because my friend showed me the funny reviews. I laughed so hard I had to buy the slicer as a gag gift for her. But before I gave it to her, I tried it for myself. I only had a overly ripe banana so I thought it would make a mess. I placed the banana on a cutting board, aligned the slicer according the direction of the banana and pressed down. The result: beautifully cut bananas. Clean up was easy. I rinsed the slicer under warm water and used a brush. Not too difficult. I gave her the slicer and the expression on her face was priceless. We laughed so hard it was worth the purchase. Not sure how much use she will get out of it.

25 - (5star) - Perfect! I have two kids and they love helping me in the kitchen. In the mornings, we like to make smoothies and for snacks they like banana slices with some peanut butter. This is so easy to use, no sharp edges - made well enough for the kids to use themselves.

26 - (4star) - Did not meet my needs. Slices were too thick.

27 - (4star) - Unless your bananas are really big, this slicer is not as helpful as I had hoped. But the price was right.

28 - (5star) - Provided it's not old and hardened, this little gadget will slice up a fresh dog turd beautifully. Works equally well for both small and large breeds. Our entire family loves it and we even managed to get the kids to put down their iPhones and join us in the yard!

29 - (5star) - Excelent

30 - (5star) - I am fortunate to have found such a fantastic kitchen tool. I use it nearly every day and remark to my family at how thoughtful the designers were of this remarkable instrument. The most amazing thing is that even if the banana is broken, or is curving the wrong way, the Hutzler 571 Banana Slicer can handle it. God Bless You, Hutzler company.

31 - (5star) - works perfectly for all my right curved bananas. highly recommend, hoping they come out with left curved cutter next!

32 - (5star) - Got this for a graduation gift for a friend who was always stealing bananas from the college cafeteria. He loved it. Plus the reviews for this piece are awesome. Too funny.

33 - (3star) - This is quite big. I have tried to cut this on the large paper plates but this just won't fit. I have to use a cutting board then put it on a paper plate. As big as this thing is, I wish I could find bananas this big but the angel is all wrong.

34 - (3star) - the slices are a great size for cereal or toppings but not so good for the dehydrator

35 - (5star) - Bought as gag gift and she truly LOVES IT. She uses it at work all the time to cut bananas and plantains
