1 - (5star) - For decades I have been trying to come up with an ideal way to slice a banana. "Use a knife!" they say. Well...my parole officer won't allow me to be around knives. "Shoot it with a gun!" Background check...HELLO! I had to resort to carefully attempt to slice those bananas with my bare hands. 99.9% of the time, I would get so frustrated that I just ended up squishing the fruit in my hands and throwing it against the wall in anger. Then, after a fit of banana-induced rage, my parole officer introduced me to this kitchen marvel and my life was changed. No longer consumed by seething anger and animosity towards thick-skinned yellow fruit, I was able to concentrate on my love of theatre and am writing a musical play about two lovers from rival gangs that just try to make it in the world. I think I'll call it South Side Story. Banana slicer...thanks to you, I see greatness on the horizon.

2 - (5star) -  What can I say about the 571B Banana Slicer that hasn't already been said about the wheel, penicillin, or the iPhone.... this is one of the greatest inventions of all time. My husband and I would argue constantly over who had to cut the day's banana slices. It's one of those chores NO ONE wants to do! You know, the old "I spent the entire day rearing OUR children, maybe YOU can pitch in a little and cut these bananas?" and of course, "You think I have the energy to slave over your damn bananas? I worked a 12 hour shift just to come home to THIS?!" These are the things that can destroy an entire relationship. It got to the point where our children could sense the tension. The minute I heard our 6-year-old girl in her bedroom, re-enacting our daily banana fight with her Barbie dolls, I knew we had to make a change. That's when I found the 571B Banana Slicer. Our marriage has never been healthier, AND we've even incorporated it into our lovemaking. THANKS 571B BANANA SLICER!

3 - (2star) - I tried the banana slicer and found it unacceptable. As shown in the picture, the slicer is curved from left to right. All of my bananas are bent the other way.

4 - (5star) - Once I figured out I had to peel the banana before using - it works much better. Ordering one for my nephew who's in the air force in California. He's been using an old slinky to slice his banana's. He should really enjoy this product!

5 - (5star) - If God does not exist, then how is it that a banana fits so perfectly in this banana slicer? CHECKMATE, ATHEISTS!

6 - (3star) - I would rate this product as just okay. It's kind of cheaply made. But it works better than the hammer I've been using to slice my bananas.

7 - (5star) - I love this it cut my banana

8 - (5star) - I made my bro happy for his birthday. he was a big fan of the reviews.

9 - (5star) - It's a good thing I am adept at using my wits and resources to improvise gear hacks in order to accomplish my fruit presentation goals. You see, the Hutzler 571 showed up at my doorstep as a stand-alone unit. That's right – there was no mounting assembly, no adjustable swing-arm mechanism with a safety lock, no spring-loaded swivel hinge, no boom arm, no boom arm locking plate and no baseboard. Alas, I improvised and found a way to make it work.

10 - (1star) - waste of money use a knife

11 - (2star) - Don't waste you money. Pretty dumb product. Have no idea why my wife thought we needed this.

12 - (1star) - Slices are to wide for my liking.

13 - (4star) - Ordered this as a gag gift for a friend after she saw the reviews on amazon. Was a good cheap laugh. She says the item actually works pretty well too.

14 - (5star) - These really work, i have had one for years, sturdy, This one is a gift, Nice to slice for a dehydrator, too, Good size.

15 - (2star) - It's hard to tell from the photo, but the slices that this thing cuts are like half an inch thick. Who wants huge cubes of banana in their cereal?

16 - (5star) - Awesome, it comes in handy.

17 - (1star) - Don't loose your money. Cheaper than cheap product. Not even fun!

18 - (5star) - Bought as a gag gift, but loved by the recipient!

19 - (5star) - Love it!

20 - (3star) - Good price. Sits in my junk drawer now. Cool idea while it lasted.

21 - (5star) - Kids love cutting their banana

22 - (3star) - Bigger than expected

23 - (5star) - Worked awesome!

24 - (5star) - The real reason I bought this slicer is because my friend showed me the funny reviews. I laughed so hard I had to buy the slicer as a gag gift for her. But before I gave it to her, I tried it for myself. I only had a overly ripe banana so I thought it would make a mess. I placed the banana on a cutting board, aligned the slicer according the direction of the banana and pressed down. The result: beautifully cut bananas. Clean up was easy. I rinsed the slicer under warm water and used a brush. Not too difficult. I gave her the slicer and the expression on her face was priceless. We laughed so hard it was worth the purchase. Not sure how much use she will get out of it.

25 - (5star) - Perfect! I have two kids and they love helping me in the kitchen. In the mornings, we like to make smoothies and for snacks they like banana slices with some peanut butter. This is so easy to use, no sharp edges - made well enough for the kids to use themselves.

26 - (4star) - Did not meet my needs. Slices were too thick.

27 - (4star) - Unless your bananas are really big, this slicer is not as helpful as I had hoped. But the price was right.

28 - (5star) - Provided it's not old and hardened, this little gadget will slice up a fresh dog turd beautifully. Works equally well for both small and large breeds. Our entire family loves it and we even managed to get the kids to put down their iPhones and join us in the yard!

29 - (5star) - Excelent

30 - (5star) - I am fortunate to have found such a fantastic kitchen tool. I use it nearly every day and remark to my family at how thoughtful the designers were of this remarkable instrument. The most amazing thing is that even if the banana is broken, or is curving the wrong way, the Hutzler 571 Banana Slicer can handle it. God Bless You, Hutzler company.

31 - (5star) - works perfectly for all my right curved bananas. highly recommend, hoping they come out with left curved cutter next!

32 - (5star) - Got this for a graduation gift for a friend who was always stealing bananas from the college cafeteria. He loved it. Plus the reviews for this piece are awesome. Too funny.

33 - (3star) - This is quite big. I have tried to cut this on the large paper plates but this just won't fit. I have to use a cutting board then put it on a paper plate. As big as this thing is, I wish I could find bananas this big but the angel is all wrong.

34 - (3star) - the slices are a great size for cereal or toppings but not so good for the dehydrator

35 - (5star) - Bought as gag gift and she truly LOVES IT. She uses it at work all the time to cut bananas and plantains

36 - (3star) - Good stocking stuffer but kinda pointless. Just use a knife.

37 - (5star) - Fun novelty gift, actually did work surprisingly well although using a knife is just as simple.

38 - (5star) - my bff loves this slicer. he loves bananas on his cereal and shares them with his kitty cat. makes it easy to get the perfect size pieces for the kitty too.

39 - (3star) - It doesn't really save that much time because you have to clean out each slicer individually. But if you are looking to buy a banana slicer this one worked out pretty well for me!

40 - (2star) - not a fan. it slices the bananas but then sticks at the end. so you have to push each banana slice out to free it from the slicer. The time it take to push them out I could have sliced it with a butter knife

41 - (5star) - super easy and fun for kids to use

42 - (5star) - This banana slicer worked great as an earrings holder. It also can be used for pedicures and defeating muggers in NYC. Sometimes I use it to trim my cats nails. Sometimes I use it as a tv remote and telephone.

43 - (4star) - The slices are a little big for my liking.

44 - (4star) - My kid hates sliced bananas, why did I buy this?

45 - (5star) - This is bananas! Works great!

46 - (3star) - Although it cuts the bananas well, you kind of have to push the pieces through all the way which makes it more time consuming. Quicker and easier to just cut with a knife. Also, with the slats it's not so easy to clean, so I don't think I will use it unless we are cutting multiple bananas, not worth the hassle. We bought it with the intent of making banana chips in the oven, although it slices them evenly, it was way too thick for that.

47 - (5star) - BEST white elephant gift ever! We gave it away with four bunches of bananas and everyone loved it.

48 - (2star) - Not so good. Lightweight and waste of my money.

49 - (4star) - Simple device, but love it, cuts my banana equally in bits, easy to wash one of gadgets that is a must have.

50 - (5star) - Love it!

51 - (1star) - This product is the bane of my existence!!! I have spent the last fifteen years of my life in the knife-making industry. I used to love going into a new restaurant to talk with the chefs and give them my pitch for our company's knives. I was known as "The Most-Honest Knife Saleman" in the tri-county area. I had built a small network just on selling knives. My entire life, and the livelihood for my family, was built on knives. I'll never forget the day I walked in to one of my best client's kitchens -- the guy charges $100 for his 15-course tasting menu -- and there he was slicing bananas with this product. (I can't even say its name, I'm that mad about it) I pulled out my most cutting-edge (if you'll pardon the pun) knife, a prototype made out of 100% titanium alloy, and tried to demonstrate how the knife could do the same job he was doing, and if he only bought my knife it would have paid for my kids' vuvuzela lessons for a month, but he was insistent that this product would cut more bananas faster than my knife. So I had to go home that night and tell my kids that they couldn't study music anymore. Since that dark day, we've had to give up those beloved vuvuzela lessons, and now we've had to start buying super-octane gas once a month for my new BMW instead of premium. If my clients keep abandoning my knives for this product, I'll have to stop buying a new suit every week.This product is taking the clothes of my back, and because of this product we've had to hire our maids to only stay at our house for six hours per day instead of seven like we used to! My kids are constantly asking me when business is going to pick up again. They don't like that they have to clean their rooms once a month, because the maids aren't here for the extra time. What kind of lesson is this teaching my kids, when daddy can't make a living like he used to because of this product?!Then came my birthday this year. I don't know if the person who got me the gift thought they were being cute, or if they were taunting me because I think my in-laws are envious because we just added a wing to our library while they can only afford to renovate a couple rooms at a time, but I picked up a small, book-sized gift and proceeded to unwrap it. I watched in abject horror as the markings on the packaging revealed nothing other than this product. At that point I lost it: My wife tells me that I rose from my seat, walked over to the person who got me this as a gift, and I began shouting in tongues at him. I am told that, at one point, I threatened to shove the gift where it doesn't belong. So when the police arrived because the neighbors heard the commotion from the next estate over, they took me away.I was lucky enough to get internet privileges at the hospital I'm in. My wife and kids don't visit me much, because my wife says she can't respect someone who can't compete with a banana slicer. Though my lawyer says they'll probably let me out of my straight jacket. Anyway, I just wanted to share my tale of my demise, at the hands of this banana slicer.

52 - (3star) - I enjoy every opportunity to WHIP OUT MY BIG TEN INCH Hutzler 571 Banana Slicer! Tip: banana alignment is critical and it works better if you peel the banana first. Do not attempt use with other fruits or vegetables or while drinking alcohol. This is not an "adult toy" toy (wink, wink).

53 - (1star) - This ruined my life. All I ever wanted to do was slice a simple banana. Alas, this slicer became posses by the devil. I tried to contain it......my power level was simply not high enough. Long story short, this slicer became possesed, and with physic powers, killed me, my parents, a policeman, and a motel manager. Posted from Un-sliced Banana Hell

54 - (2star) - a gag gift... cause who can't cut a banana?

55 - (1star) - I bought this gift for my daughter on her 18th birthday. All she ever wanted in life was to be able to perfectly cut the luscious nanners her heart so desired. Little did I know what evil lurked in the depths of this plastic vessel. Voldemort had an 8th horcrux...the Hutzler 571 banana slicer. I can still remember the day the parcel arrived. My daughter, eyes alight with joy, eagerly tore open the package. But the second her stubby sausage fingers touched the banana slicer, she exploded in a shower of the rotten fruit. In her place stood my born nemesis. They call him...the top banana. "So we meet again." I said, loathing emanate in my voice. "I loved you." He said. "Then why did you try to kill me?" I roared. His very presence made me sick. "Birtha, after what you did to me...to my people, I had no choice but to dispose of you." He replied in a shaky voice. "I did you a favor! They were the only thing stopping us from our happily ever after and you know it!" I pleaded to him, but I knew he would never understand. "Birtha, I saw you eat my family! The little ones, they weren't even ripe yet!" He cried. It's true, I did eat his banana family...but only because they forbade our love. They couldn't accept that their banana boy had fallen in love with a human girl. I thought he, my true love, would praise me for ridding him of such a burden, but he left me. And I haven't been the same since. This banana slicer is a vessel of evil. Whatever you do, don't buy it. An evil unlike any other will invade your home and kill all you love. I am alone now, and I think I've gone bananas...

56 - (3star) - I bought this as part of a campaign showing the way you can tweet to purchase on Amazon. My four-year-old loves to help me cook, and I thought she might enjoy this, but honestly it is easier for her to slice a banana with a butter knife than with this. You have to press down pretty hard to get the banana to slice with this.

57 - (2star) - Didn't really do what I'd hoped... I wanted something that would make thin enough slices so I could put them in my dehydrator and make banana chips, but these are thick slices.... I guess if you are slicing a banana to put in cereal, this would work, but didn't work for what I wanted....
